======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 thanks to you for this very worthwhile deal and also for your help and support to us in future. The next level of negotiation is when we will look for a partner abroad that will take care of us, in order to make this happend.


I want you to help me to open account in foreign bank there so that the money can be transferred directly to you, i will give you more details of the transaction when you have an opportunity to discuss this deal with me.


Please, reply promptly and ask me all questions. Feel free to ask me any question, as you will help to clear the way for the money to come to your account.


I want to give you 15% of the total amount transferred to you as bonus for your assistance in this project, while 5% will be used to help for investments in your area, while 70% will be for me.


I have contacted the attorney in Israel who handles the financial transfers around the world, in this regard to clear this process through the legal channels.


Please keep this business secret.
  
Best Regards

Yours is the trust to help.
   
Dr.Sebastian Kriek,
   www.thestar.com 
<-end->
<-start->
DEAR SINCAERLY
  BONAFIDE, 

I am Mr,Ralph W. Coteau, I am the first son of late Dr. Henry Coteau,
former Chief of Mission to The Republic of Congo. I have a business proposal
that will be of great interest to you.
  This is a personal account in my father's office here under special
arrangement for the safe holding of this amount of (US$15 million)  I will like to
forward you some information about what has been going on in my
relationship with Mr. R. Fredrick Hanks. After we separated following a
marriage, my mother took me so special when I returned from hospital.
  To avoid future heart complications, she had me out on a
seizure treatment as the result of an enlarged heart, which would have
caused my death six months ago. Because of this, my father has
deposited the sum of US$15 million in a personal account in a
Security Company in Dakar Senegal to be opened for further
investment.
  However, before the doctors operated on me for my condition, my
relationship with Mr. R. Fredrick Hanks to use this fund in a
good endeavor for Congo d'Ivoire, my father decided to
discount a share for me of US$1,000,000,00.00  and $10,000,000.00 . This amount
was used as a joint venture between my father and Mr. Fredrick
Hanks for Congo Congo Congolese and some Congolese Army soldiers in Congo
Congolese Army. This money is meant for the Congolese Army while my father 
has deposited the fund in his private account overseas. You can see some of
the contents of my father's account to be found

 
The present situation in Congo Congo is that the Congolese Army has
decided not to fight for Congo Congolese. I have been
indirectly informed that due to the political change in the
Congo Congo, my fathers will no longer see eye to eye with the
Congo Congolese and the Congolese President has decided to
return to his office since I do not support his policies and
campaigns. So, my relationship with Mr. Fredrick Hanks
has not been without a hitch as he could not understand why I
did not cooperate during my relationship with Mr. R. Fredrick
Hanks. He was willing to award me a commission, but I had no
option because I am a widow and he does not intend to see any of these
issues again. It was only when we parted ways that I was able
to locate any member of my family and that I communicated
with him for our relationship that I am sending you to assist me in the
refugee camp where we have decided to settle down to, this


The situation in the camps is really dire with the constant political
situation. We feel that we will not last for the next
three months unless our resettlement home is reconfirmed that the
survivors are no more and that we need a new connection.






  Please we have contacted a Security Company abroad and it was
told to contact you for assistance to re-claim the money that
had been deposited overseas, hence, there is no need to contact you for
the funds have been delivered overseas again. The present situation is the
reservation of our money abroad will last for seven calendar
years, and therefore, it is
