======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ogo for your assistance and we look forward to your soonest response through email or Fax.

For security reasons,I would prefer it if you do not reply immediately so I would rather be contacted by when I am ready to help you, but note that if you are not ready to help,we can always call for the assylum and safety of a refugee in Belgium.

Thanking you all and may Allah bless you.

Yours

Mrs. Aisha Ali
<-end->
<-start->
From: Dr.Brenton W.Williams
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
Avenue 1,Nigerian Lumbini Street
3 Centreville Road


Gaijin Ouagadougou Burkina Faso West Africa

ATTENTION: THE MANAGER

This is my daily 
direct call to you. My name is Dr.Brenton Williams. I have a business proposal of great importance to you.

There was a crude oil contract worth $40.5Million which was settled and the original contractor is about to start work again. And all you had to do was to present your proof of payment because we cannot release funds until payment has actually been made or the fund returned to the 
company.



A lot of problems is going on all over the world and this is not the best time to get involved in this business. This is why I have called you in.

The original contractor has settled, and is about to re-arrive in Nigeria 
and there is all sorts 
of confusion about what to do. There is also another contractor on a project which was settled by the Government who did the final payment and he is going on his way,but this is a different contractor and his name is not known to us. There is even a possibility that he might not even arrive 
here, in his country, at all. This is why I need your help.

The contract was settled for US$32Million
and the contract payment has been made, but no payments have been made to the original contracting partner. What we need are some of you who have the means and the expertise to come up and claim that money from the Nigeria Government Account as the original contractor's beneficiary, and transfer it
over there to our bank in Africa, or Europe or America. And these have to be secret. So what we propose is for you to stand in as the beneficiary of the contract and for you to
transfer the money out for us to use and there is no risk whatever as all the paperwork and 
accounting would be done by you and our bank in Nigeria.

Now, how we got all this information to you is that Mr.Nigerian businessman, Mr.Ousmane Maseko, who has known you 
to be a top business associate of Mr.Machungu Maseko Mr.Ousmane Maseko who is also a businessman, and
made an arrangement with the Nigerian National Petroleum Company in a confidential manner, for you to enter into a confidential
arrangement with us to meet him at Nigeria. This means that if you have any question with regard to your
relationship to you, just reply through the Internet, and I would get your details
forward to the Nigerian National Petroleum Company.

We will share the money when you have the number of the company or the account that
you will want the money to be paid to, and we will also do joint projects together with our
colleagues.

You could also come up and meet with us face to face in Paris or Berlin if you are 
interested.

All I require is for you to send this information so that we may give you a good
background about ourselves and the company and also give you additional details, for you
to give us more details and relevant documents, which will enable us understand what we
have got in mind when we set ourselves the objective of going to your country
after the fund can be transferred to your account.

And for you to be available for the projects, we shall give you an amount which will
be commensurate with your contribution. We will also offer you a percentage of the
investment which in your company you will propose in return for your
assistance and we look forward to your soonest response through email or Fax.

For security reasons,I would prefer it if you do not reply immediately so I would rather be contacted by when I am ready to help you, but note that if you are not ready to help,we can always call for the assylum and safety of a refugee in Belgium.

Thanking you all and may Allah bless you.

Yours,
Dr.Brenton W.Williams
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
Avenue 1,Nigerian Lumbini Street4 Centre
