======== SAMPLE 1 ========
abuwa and I used our position to secure an order of our local bank from the Federal Ministry of Finance (FMF) in Kenya to repossess the sum of US$4.2 million dollars , which my late son, Sanko Muku, deposited with the FMF in London for financial management reasons. 

As I stated in my letter to you in regard to the payment and my family's life savings. 

Although, it is because of our position in government,that the funds will remain in the bank for us. Since, I have secured the agreement of the bank with my firm for the transfer of the funds. 

And since my position as the son of the late Mr. Sanko Muku entitles me to the reposit after ten years, I intend to invest in companies or industries of my choice in Europe because I am a good investor. 

However, I do not want to use my position to entice foreign direct investors as I am sure the investment will be legitimate. 

Furthermore, the management of FMF has informed me that they have decided to seek for foreigners to handle the repat. 

It is this change in mentality and willingness to deal with you, which I find most attractive. 

If you will accept my proposal, I ask that you kindly respond me with my Private Email Address for immediate effect,  as it will be more effective for me in this regard than the formal means of communication of which you will be contacted later, or simply reply to this letter with my Private Email Address.  


As soon as I receive your reply, I will then provide you with more details in regard of the fund, as I have come across to our understanding and also on your request if you so desire. 

As I have stated before, I want you to contact the Foreign Account Holder of the fund for reimbursement of the sum of US$4.2 million dollars. 

You have to assure me that you will not cause any serious breach of this sacred trust which I hold you as a dear to my heart, and also that you be able to handle the transaction in line with the best interest of all three of us. 

Please you are advised to not be an instigator of disputes as I might get into them myself, and also to keep it to myself because I might be suspected. 

You are also advised to have no visible connection to the FMF (or any one of its employees) and also that you should use your own name, which I shall do so in my reply to you, so as not to bring any suspicion on your part. This transaction would be most profitable to us both as I shall make an advantageous rate on your behalf. 

Finally, I repeat, if you are interested, do not reply to me asking for reimbursement unless you are sure that you are absolutely sure on the transaction and that you will not be liable for any financial loss on the transaction. 

I await your response and also to let me know the nature of your company as I may include it in the transaction, as I do not need to hire an accountant to do the transaction, but rather you as a foreigner to handle the transaction, if you are interested to do this transaction for me. Please, reply me immediately, or reply me through my private email with my private email address: 





Awaiting to hearing from you,




Best Regards, 


Sanko Muku






































<-end->
<-start->
DETROIT/MIAMI


Dear,

Goodday,

I am Mr Aka Ntuli from The Republic of Niger.

I worked with the National Bola Corporation as Director of Production Services. On completion of my duties, I decided to write you and arrange for the transfer of some funds that I managed with my colleague for the last 6 years, we worked together quite well under the circumstances.

As you will see below, the funds were invested for our share.

As the head of branch and executive director/contractor, I also have final say over allocating of investment funds, the process consists of me sending a letter to the National Bola Corporation, requesting for their assistance in relocating this funds to a country of our choice. This money is in the form of a commission which the National Bola Corporation would provide us before they commence work on the project which the funds will be used for.

My request is that you to assist us in relocating this to a country of your choice for investment with our share. This is because the projects progress very slow in the country of our choice,the capital city of Dakar Senegal. On receipt of your positive response, we will go ahead and commence work. It would not be a surprise
